---
layout: about
title: Resume
description: >
  Resume for CTA PHD.
image: 
  path: /assets/img/blog/example-content-iii.jpg
  srcset:
    1060w: /assets/img/blog/example-content-iii.jpg
    530w:  /assets/img/blog/example-content-iii@0,5x.jpg
    265w:  /assets/img/blog/example-content-iii@0,25x.jpg
related_posts:
  - example/_posts/2017-11-23-example-content-ii.md
  - /example/2012-02-07-example-content/
sitemap: false
---
<table><tbody><tr><th><p>Colin</p><p>ANNAND</p></th><th><p>USA | www.linkedin.com/in/colin-annand</p><p>732.991.1541 | <a href="mailto:colinannand@gmail.com">colinannand@gmail.com</a></p></th></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><p>Analytical, organized and detail-oriented accountant&nbsp;with GAAP expertise and experience in the full spectrum of public accounting. Collaborative team player with ownership mentality and a track record of delivering the highest quality strategic solutions to resolve challenges and propel business growth.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><h1>Experience</h1><h2>Federal Emergency Management Agency</h2><h3>Remote – Full Time – 40 Hrs/Week | Washington, DC</h3><h4>Senior Statistician gs-1530-13 10/2021 – PRESENT</h4><h4>junior Statistician gs-1530-12 10/2020 – 10/2021</h4><h4>Cross skilled lead analyst, statistician, and project lead. Integrating programming, data analysis and visualization on complex, high impact projects that inform policy decisions and improve quality of life outcomes.</h4><ul><li>Provide quantitative methods to determine immediate and future impacts of FEMA Assistance using R, Python, SQL, Excel, and Tableau.</li><li>Developed multiple predictive models for Disaster Impact, used by agency and division leaders in resource allocation and decision making.</li><li>Assessed allocation of 50 Billion in funding across multiple counties, for COVID-19 Emergency Response.</li><li>Incorporated analytic findings into 40+ page report designated for Public Review, including statistical validation, peer review and high quality data visualization.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><h2>research statistician</h2><h3>Ultrasound Biofeedback Group – University of Cincinnati</h3><h4>2018-2020</h4><p>Inhouse bookkeeper for a real estate development company. Maintained financial books, tracked expenses, prepared and submitted invoices, and oversaw payroll.</p></td><td><h2>Research &amp; Lab SUpervisor</h2><h3>Complexity Lab, University of Cincinnati</h3><h4>2014-2020</h4><p>Assisted with payroll and Pensions service management for 150+ employees. Prepared invoices for more than 200 clients.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><tbody><tr><th colspan="3"><h1>Education</h1><h2>ph.d. – Experimental Psychology</h2><h3>University of Cincinnati</h3><h4>2021</h4><ul><li>Relevant Coursework:</li></ul></th></tr><tr><td><ul><li>R, Python, SQL Coding</li><li>Cashflow planning and management</li></ul></td><td colspan="2"><ul><li>Quantitative Analysis, Mixed Models, Regression.</li><li>Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing</li><li>Exceptional communication</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"><h1>Skills</h1></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"><ul><li>R, Python, SQL Coding</li><li>Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, AI Tools</li><li>Git tools, software development</li></ul></td><td colspan="2"><ul><li>Quantitative Analysis, Mixed Models, Regression.</li><li>Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing</li><li>Exceptional communication</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>